1 "If the facts are against you, argue the law. If the law is against you, argue the facts. If the law and the facts are against you, pound the table and yell like hell." Carl Sandburg Age
2 "The secret to staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age." - Lucille Ball
3 "We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing." - George Bernard Shaw
4 "Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter." - Mark Twain
5 "No one is so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm." - Henry David Thoreau
6 "Forty is the old age of youth; fifty is the youth of old age." - Victor Hugo
7 The old believe everything: the middle-aged suspect everything: the young know everything." - Oscar Wilde
8 "Life's tragedy is that we get old too soon and wise too late." - Benjamin Franklin
9 "Middle age is when you're sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you hope it isn't for you." - Ogden Nash
10 "You know you are getting old when the candles cost more than the cake." - Bob Hope
11 "Tor every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
12 "In times of great stress or adversity, it's always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive." - Lee Iacocca
13 "Bitterness is like cancer. It eats upon the host. But anger is like fire. It burns it all clean." - Maya Angelou
14 "Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep." - Mohandas Gandhi
15 "When angry, count to four; when very angry, swear." - Mark Twain
16 "Heaven has no rage like love to hatred turned, Nor hell a fury like a woman scorned." - William Congreve
17 "You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger." - Buddha
18 "Anyone can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person at the right time and for the right purpose and in  the right way - that is not within everyone's power and that is not easy." Aristotle
19 When I felt miserable, I ran fast and far until my body hurt so much that I no longer cared about anything else. Abhi Sharma
20 A Quote a day; keeps All troubles Away.
21 "Beauty, without expression, tires." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
22 "It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness." - Leo Tolstoy
23 "Beauty is in the eye of the beholder." - Margaret Hungerf ord
24 "I'm tired of all the r\or\ser\se about beauty being only skin-deep. That's deep enough. What do you want - an adorable pancreas?" - Jean Kerr
25 "Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it." - Confucius
26 "Some people, no matter how old they get, never lose their beauty - they merely move it from their faces into their hearts." - Martin Buxbaum
27 "It is not beauty that endears; it's love that makes us see beauty." - Leo Tolstoy
28 A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits. They will be embarrassingly large." - Henry Ford
29 By working faithfully eight hours a day you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve hours a day." - Robert Frost
30 Never burn bridges. Today's junior jerk, tomorrow's senior partner." - Sigourney Weaver
31 The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows." - Aristotle Onassis
32 It is difficult, but not impossible, to conduct strictly honest business." - Mahatma Gandhi
33 A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them." - Henry Kravis
34 "Good products can be sold by honest advertising. If you don't think the product is good, you have no business to be advertising it." - David Ogilvy
35 "Drive your business. Let not your business drive you." Benjamin Franklin
36 "You must be the change you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
37 The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude." - Oprah Winfrey
38 He who rejects change is the architect of decay. The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery." - Harold Wilson
39 "Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything." - George Bernard Shaw
40 "Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others." - Jacob M. Braude
41 "No change of circumstances car\ repair a defect of character." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
42 "Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change." - Confucius
43 "Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable." - Denis Waitley
44 " Adults are always asking little kids what they want to be when they grow up 'cause they're looking for ideas." - Paula Poundstone
45 "Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them." - James Baldwin
46 Don't handicap your children by making their lives easy." - Robert A. Heinlein
47 "Children are our most valuable resource." - Herbert Hoover
48 "Never underestimate a child's ability to get into more trouble." - Martin Mull
49 "Always be nice to your children because they are the ones who will choose your rest home." - Phyllis Diller
50 "There's nothing that can help you understand your beliefs more than trying to explain them to ar\ inquisitive child." - Frank A. Clark
51 "Pretty much all the honest truth telling in the world is done by children." - Oliver Wendell Holmes
52 "It takes courage to grow up and turn out to be who you really are." - E.E. Cummings
53 "Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak. Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen." - Winston Churchill
54 "Courage is grace under pressure." - Ernest Hemingway
55 "Courage is being scared to death but saddling up anyway." - John Wayne
56 "It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world and moral courage so rare." - Mark Twain
57 "Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them." - Bruce Lee
58 "Success is never final. Failure is newer fatal. It's courage that counts." - John Wooden
59 "Faced with what is right, to leave it undone shows a lack of courage." - Confucius
60 "In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes." - Benjamin Franklin
61 "Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely." - Buddha
62 The reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated." - Mark Twain
63 The only difference between death and taxes is that death doesn't get worse every time Congress meets." - Will Rogers
64 "As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death." - Leonardo da Vinci
65 The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time." - Mark Twain
66 No one knows whether death, which people fear to be the greatest evil, may not be the greatestgood." - Plato
67 "Our death is not an end if we can live on in our children and the younger generation. For they are us, our bodies are only wilted leaves on the tree of life." - Albert Einstein
68 "It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it." - Aristotle
69 "Education is when you read the fine print. Experience is what you get if you don't." - Pete Seeger
70 The only true wisdom is knowing that you know nothing." - Socrates
71 "To repeat what others have said requires education. To challenge it requires brains." - Marry Pettibone Poole
72 "It is possible to store the mind with a million facts and still be entirely uneducated." - Alec Bourne
73 "Life is not divided into semesters. You don't get summers off and very few employers are interested in helping you find yourself." - Bill Gates
74 "Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death." - Albert Einstein
75 "Education is like a double-edged sword. It may be turned to dangerous uses if it is not properly handled." - Wu Ting-Fang
76 Do we not realize that self-respect comes with self- reliance? Abhi Sharma
77 A Quote a day; keeps All troubles Away.
78 The only stable state is the one in which all men are equal before the law." - Aristotle
79 "Democracy does not guarantee equality of conditions. It only guarantees equality of opportunity." - Irving Kristol
80 "As many political writers have pointed out, commitment to political equality is not an empirical claim that people are clones." - Steven Pinker
81 "All animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others." - George Orwell
82 I believe in equality for everyone, except reporters and photographers." - Mohandas Gandhi
83 "Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish." - Albert Einstein
84 "Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you're a man, you take it." Malcolm X
85 "The sole equality on earth is death." - Philip James Bailey
86 Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow. -Abhi Sharma
87 The only rock I know that stays steady, the only institution I know that works is the family." - Lee Iacocca
88 "Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city." - George Burns
89 A happy family is but an earlier heaven." - George Bernard Shaw
90 "You know the only people who are always sure about the proper way to raise children ? Those who've never had any." - Bill Cosby
91 "Family isn't about whose blood you have. It's about who you care about." - Trey Parker and Matt Stone
92 "All happy families resemble one another. Each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way." - Leo Tolstoy
93 "As the family goes, so goes the nation and so goes the whole world in which we live." - Pope John Paul II
94 "If you cannot get rid of the family skeleton, you may as well make it dance." - George Bernard Shaw
95 "Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies." - Aristotle
96 "Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own." - Robert Heinlein
97 Love is friendship, set on fire." - Jeremy Taylor
98 Love doesn't make the world go round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile." - Elizabeth Browning
99 It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages." - Friedrich Nietzsche
100 "Love is, above all else, the gift of oneself." - Jean Anouilh
101 Love is the irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired." - Mark Twain
102 "Friendship may, and often does, grow into love, but love never subsides into friendship." - Lord Byron
103 Love is like a virus. It can happen to anybody at any time." - Maya Angelou
104 If a country is to be corruption free and become a nation of beautiful minds, I strongly feel there are three key societal members who can make a difference. They are the father, the mother and the teacher. Abhi Sharma
105 "Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first." - Mark Twain
106 I will tell you how to become rich. Close the doors. Be fearful when others are greedy. Be greedy when others are fearful." - Warren Buffet
107 "A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain." - Robert Frost
108 "Money won't create success. The freedom to make it will." - Nelson Mandela
109 "Money isn't the most important thing in life, but it's reasonably close to oxygen on the gotta have it' scale." - Zig Ziglar
110 Time is money." - Benjamin Franklin
111 "If you're given a choice between money and sex appeal, take the money. As you get older, the money will become your sex appeal." - Katherine Hepburn
112 "It is the wretchedness of being rich that you ^* have to live with rich people." AHH~t~ - Logan Pearsall Smith
113 "The only way not to think about money is to have a great deal of it." - Edith Wharton
114 Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory. Abhi Sharma
115 This film cost $31 million. With that kind of money I could have invaded some country." - Clint Eastwood
116 Mil of life's riddles are answered in the movies." - Steve Martin
117 A good film script should be able to do completely without dialogue." - David Mamet
118 Shoot a few scenes out of focus. I want to win the foreign film award." - Billy Wilder
119 The best reason to make a film is that you feel passionately about it." - Jodie Foster
120 "Every great film should seem new every time you see it." - Roger Ebert
121 "Movies car\ and do have tremendous influence in shaping young lives in the realm of entertainment towards the ideals and objectives of normal adulthood." - Walt Disney
122 In the theater, you go from point A to point Z, building your performance as the evening progresses. You have to relinquish that control on a film." - Gwyneth Paltrow
123 Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much. Abhi Sharma
124 "Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings." - Ed Gardner
125 "Music is the wine that fills the cup of silence." - Robert Fripp
126 "Music is a moral law. It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm and gaiety to life and to everything." - Plato
127 "Life is one grand, sweet song so start the music." - Ronald Reagan
128 "Music in the soul can be heard by the universe." - Lao Tzu
129 "I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to." - Elvis Presley
130 "Music is a safe kind of high." - Jimi Hendrix
131 "Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent." Victor Hugo
132 Women marry men hoping they will change. Men marry women hoping they will not So each is inevitably disappointed. Abhi Sharma
133 I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones." - Albert Einstein
134 "May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I won't." - George Patton
135 You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake." - Jeannette Rankin
136 There never was a good war or a bad peace." - Benjamin Franklin
137 What difference does it make to the dead, the orphans and the homeless whether the mad destruction is brought under the name of totalitarianism or the holy name of liberty and democracy?" - Mahatma Gandhi
138 There is no glory in battle worth the blood it costs." - Dwight Eisenhower
139 "It is well that war is so terrible - otherwise we would grow too fond of it." Robert E. Lee
140 War is a cowardly escape from the problems of peace." - Thomas Mann
141 Peace is its own reward. Abhi Sharma
142 Great Legends With Their 'Quotes'
143 "Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently."- Henry Ford
144 "Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
145 I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody." - Bill Cosby
146 "Eighty percent of success is showing up." - Woody Allen
147 "Never leave that till tomorrow which you can do today." - Benjamin Franklin "You can do anything, but not everything." - David Allen
148 "We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act but a habit." - Aristotle
149 "The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure." - Sver\ Goran Eriksson
150 "Opportunity is missed by most people, because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." - Thomas Edison
151 Natural Abilities are like natural plants ; They need pruning by Study. -Abhi Sharma
152 We didn't lose the game; we just ran out of time." - Vince Lombardi
153 I went to a fight last night and a hockey game broke out."- Rodney Dangerf ield
154 "Sports serve society by providing vivid examples of excellence." - George F. Will
155 "You can't win unless you learn how to lose." - Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
156 "Winners never quit and quitters never win." - Vince Lombardi
157 Sport is imposing order on what was chaos." - Anthony Starr
158 The difference between the old ballplayer and the new ballplayer is the jersey. The old ballplayer cared about the name on the front. The r\e\N ballplayer cares about the name on the back." - Steve Garvey The breakfast of champions is not cereal, it's the opposition." - Nick Seitz j
159 Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity. -Abhi Sharma
160 "Science may set limits to knowledge, but should not set limits to imagination." - Bertrand Russell
161 "Science newer solves a problem without creating ten more." - George Bernard Shaw
162 The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom." - Isaac Asimov
163 The important thing in science is not so much to obtain new facts as to discover new ways of thinking about them." - Sir William Bragg
164 New discoveries in science will continue to create a thousand ne\N frontiers for those who still would adventure." - Herbert Hoover
165 "However far modern science and techniques have fallen short of their inherent possibilities, they have taught mankind at least one lesson; nothing is impossible." - Lewis Mumf ord
166 I am among those who think that science has great beauty. A scientist in his laboratory is not only a technician: he is also a child placed before natural phenomena which impress him like a fairy tale." - Marie Curie
167 Peace begins with a smile. -Abhi Sharma
168 That which doesn't kill us makes us stronger." - Friedrich Nietzche
169 "No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." - Eleanor Roosevelt
170 "Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right." - Henry Ford
171 If you don't make mistakes, you're not working on hard enough problems." - Frank Wilczek
172 "Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise." - Benjamin Franklin
173 "We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
174 "As a child of God, I am greater than anything that can happen to me." - Abdul Kalam
175 "It means, people who are in high and responsible positions, if they go against righteousness, righteousness itself will get transformed into a destroyer." - Abdul Kalam
176 "Everything we do affects other people." - Luke Ford

